+++
author = "Goldie Snow"
title = "Minutes - March 4, 2022"
date = "2022-03-04"
description = "The formal minutes behind the meeting that took place."
tags = [
    "march",
]
+++


## Attendance
  ### Sponsors
  {{< begin-task-list >}}
  - [x] Anna Seat
  - [x] Aaron Smith
  ### Officers
  {{< begin-task-list >}}
  - [x] Aaron "Radar" Bishop - President
  - [x] Matthew Jordan - Vice President
  - [x] Kaeli "Sushi" Maxwell - Treasurer
  - [x] Goldie Snow - Secretary
  - [x] Kayla Ford - Grievance Officer
  - [x] Sadie Stone-McCarty - Historian
  ### Attendees
  {{< begin-task-list >}}
  - [x] Karley Jones
  - [x] Ethan King
  - [x] Danica Rowe
  - [x] Ariana Snell

## Call To Order
Time: 12:35 PM

## Approval of Previous Minutes
Previous minutes for both the special meeting and the previous meeting were discussed.

## Reports
### President
No report was given by the President.
### Vice President
No report was given by the Vice President.
### Secretary
No report was given by the Secretary as the position is currently vacant.
### Treasurer
No report was given as the Treasurer was not present.

## Old Business

### Pancake Feed
 No new business to report besides talks of a new date.

### Charter
 - Implementation of clauses for lack of sophomore members
 - Implementation of a clause for moving positions

### Nominations
  To fill outstanding positions for officers that are no longer members, nominations were discussed.
  The positions discussed are:
  - Grievance Officer
  - Secretary

  Matthew Jordan and Anna Seat discuss the possibility of filling the vacancies left by former officers.

  Goldie Snow asks if there is any formal way to change positions. Her proposal is to move from Historian to Secretary (if elected).

  Radar Bishop states that discussion regarding her proposal had been held prior to the meeting and that it was agreed upon that given the circumstances, it would be allowed.

  Small elaboration of each of the vacant positions is given.
  Nominations for the vacant positions:
  - Grievance Officer
    - Ariana Snell
    - Kayla Ford
    - Karley Jones
  - Secretary
    - Goldie Snow
    - Ethan King
  - Historian (if Goldie Snow is elected)
    - Sadie Stone-McCarty

  Informally, it was agreed upon that the voting period for the nominations would occur on February 18, 2022 at a special meeting.

## New Business

### Shakespeare
Began discussion on dates and conflicts with dead week.
Based on musical dates, the 24th-17th, the 21st-24th most desirable. Decided there is no time, and Shakespeare will be at the end of summer as a part of Norse festival.

### Awards Discussion
Masquers Banquet, Friday, May 6th would be ideal, week before finals
As many as 50 people Invite alumni Awards last year were $400-500, and is in the account.

NOT DOING LEGALLY BLONDE

Aaron said “Danica stop auditioning” / Ethan smiled, general laughter

Meeting frequency discussion Only monthly meetings currently not enough activity as is Motion to have biweekly meetings
> *Matt moves to have a motion to have biweekly meetings*
>
> *Sushi seconds*
- Ayes - 8
- Objection- 0
- Abstain - 1

**Motion passes**

Next meeting date moved to account for Spring Break from the 18th of March, to the 25th of March, maintaining the date of the April 1st meeting.

Discussion for more Social Media and advertising As Historian, Sadie is taking over the social medias for the group.

Fundraiser Discussions / Jackbox tournaments in FA / Auditorium Movies in FA /  Auditorium Karaoke and Broadway Cabaret Selling Season tickets

*President Dashed out on an urgent phone call, returns with a doordash from Taco Bell.*

### Sponsor Discussion
Sponsors and advertising projection and programs and in announcements.


### Adjournment

> **Danica motions to adjourn the meeting**
>
> **Kayla seconds**



## Allocations
No allocation of funds was made during the meeting.

## Open Forum
N/A

## Adjournment
Time: 1:03 PM